document fallback value support in DLS (#12514)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/access-control/document-level-security.md

`${user.securityRoles}` | A comma-separated, quoted list of user security roles. 
`${attr.<TYPE>.<NAME>}` | An attribute with name `<NAME>` defined for a user. `<TYPE>` is `internal`, `jwt`, `proxy` or `ldap`

If a variable does not exist, an error is thrown.

### Fallback values
**Introduced 3.7.0**
{: .label .label-purple }

You can specify a fallback value for a variable that may not exist. The fallback can be either a literal value or another variable.

In the following examples, the `notexists` attribute is not defined and `attr1` is set to `foo`.

 Term                                           | Replacement
:-----------------------------------------------|:--------------

>  `${attr.proxy.notexists:-bar}`                 | "bar"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `${attr.proxy.notexists:-bar}`                 | `bar`
```

>  `${attr.proxy.notexists:-${attr.proxy.attr1}}` | "foo"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 `${attr.proxy.notexists:-${attr.proxy.attr1}}` | `foo`
```

`${user.securityRoles}` | A comma-separated, quoted list of user security roles. 
`${attr.<TYPE>.<NAME>}` | An attribute with name `<NAME>` defined for a user. `<TYPE>` is `internal`, `jwt`, `proxy` or `ldap`

> If a variable does not exist then an error will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a variable does not exist, an error is thrown.
```

### Fallback values

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Introduced 3.7.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Introduced 3.7.0**
```

{: .label .label-purple }

> If it is unclear whether a variable is present then a fallback value can be specified, which can either be a constant

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify a fallback value for a variable that may not exist. The fallback can be either a literal value or another variable.
```

> value or another variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Example where the `notexists` attribute doesn't exist and `attr1` is set to `foo`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the following examples, the `notexists` attribute is not defined and `attr1` is set to `foo`.
```

>  Term                                           | Replaced with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Term                                           | Replacement
```
